ADVANTAGES:-
			Anyhow the integration of the software into our system has made the communication more effective in the health care system. 
      So as a result every data can be accessed any anywhere through authorized log in. Apart from all these the mode of communication 
      has become much cheaper. It has become like no report will be delayed from reaching the right hand of the authorities. 
      Many limitations have been minimized with the effective use of the technology. It has been found that geographical limitation 
      in the biggest issue in health care system. This has been intellectually managed with the addition of hospital management system. 
      The reports can be sent through email, instant messages and so no one miss out an evaluation because of that. Here, the information 
      is available 24 hrs, throughout a week. This means the reports can be sent anytime on any day. So the possibility of delay in 
      getting treatment no more sustain as a problem. Another advantage of the hospital management system is cost effectiveness as well 
      as improved productivity. We know how productive a thing a can be managed automatically when compared with old day manual set up. 
      Many modification has been brought to the system and the most important thing is the change in the education system. This has given 
      shape to new kind of the system as well. 
      
      Disadvantages:-
      			Adding computers or going electronic can make everything from billing to keeping track of patient records quicker 
			in a hospital, but computers also bring disadvantages to the hospital environment. As technology and computers 
			become more advanced, additional elements will appear in the hospital setting, but whether the advances are really 
			improvements is open for some debate. One of the biggest drawbacks of adding computers to hospitals is the cost. 
			Computers cost money, and a large hospital needs many computers to keep the system running smoothly. Creating a 
			network to transfer medical records or keep track of billing is an additional initial cost. Unlike paper records, 
			which simply require a few more copies, electronic record keeping requires constant upkeep of computers, computer 
			software and other electronic elements, which can cost even more.If your doctor or hospital is switching to 
			computers or electronic record keeping, you're probably worried about the security of your medical records.  
